Added User Defined Functions section to the README (#77)
rooseveltframework/source-configs: README.md

- `commandLineArg` *[String|Array<String>]*: Command line argument(s) to listen for that will set this config. If not set, source-configs will not listen for command line arguments to set the value for this config.
- `envVar` *[String|Array<String>]*: Environment variable(s) to listen for that will set this config. If not set, source-configs will not listen for an environment variable to set the value for this config.

### User Defined Functions

Additionally, a schema can be a function which has the parent config passed to it as the first argument. To do this create a key/value pair within the schema object:

>  - If using a `.json` file to store the schema set the key as the desired function name and the value as `user defined function`. Once the `.json` file is required in, overwrite the keys value with the desired function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If using a `.json` file to store the schema, set the key as the desired function name and the value as `'user defined function'`. Once the `.json` file is required in, override the key's value with the desired function.
```

>  - If the schema is stored in a `.js` file set the key as the desired function name and the value as the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If the schema is stored in a `.js` file, set the key as the desired function name and the value as the function.
```

Also flip the position of these two bullets.
